ABBY: Previously on Dance Moms...
I made a mistake going to Candy Apples,
and I would really like for you
to find a spot for Kendall.
CAROL (on phone): Hi. My name is Carol,
and I'm the casting director
for Drop Dead Diva.
We have decided
that we are going to go with Maddie.
KELLY: Let me bring these
-and rub them in your face.
-Exactly.
Starbound--ooh, that's pretty.
I want to see your standing back tuck.
(crunch)
Oh, my God.
You're not in the dance.
ABBY: Coming up on Dance Moms...
-No.
-No need to get all belligerent
and indignant.
I am because I think you know better.
No. I think you look foolish.
MELISSA: Maddie has to fly out tomorrow
to do Drop Dead Diva.
But I wish you were going to be here
for rehearsal.
The group comes first.
If you are going to continue to stand
like a three-year-old with that sway back,
your back is going to hurt.
(sobbing) She can't do it.
Your daughter is a little sneak!
How dare you call my daughter a sneak?
(sobbing)
(theme music playing)
SINGER: ♪Get up ♪
♪Get on the floor♪
♪My world is with my girls ♪
♪Living on the dance floor♪
(upbeat music playing)
ABBY: Come on, girls!
Let's go!
Where are Paige and Kelly?
They're at the doctor's.
Today?
I think it's more serious than just a toe.
She said it's really swollen.
Oh, my goodness.
Paige isn't here.
She's not even here for the pyramid.
I don't know how badly
the foot is injured.
PAIGE: Can I try it, Miss Abby?
ABBY: No. This is cement.
-Just one time, come on.
-No. (stammers)
-Well, then do it!
-NIA: You better do it.
(tense music playing)
(crunch)
I told her not to fool around.
Kids, do you understand
that your body is your instrument,
that you need to take care of it?
And I said, girls, don't fool around.
There's cement underneath this carpeting.
I remember vividly saying that.
CHRISTI: It was an accident.
Most people would just take it
for what it is, an accident,
and not blame someone.
But Abby is all about the blame.
Where's Jill?
ABBY: Jill is not an official member
of this competition team.
She would like to think so.
But I may forgive people,
but I don't forget.
So congratulations are in order.
We had an amazing trip to Lancaster.
I entered three solos in the competition
and I had three girls in the top ten.
(applause)
This week,
we are going to...
-Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
-Yes!
ABBY: This week we're going
to attend Starbound.
We're their national winners.
We're in their brochure.
We're on their magazine.
I mean, come on, ladies.
This is important.
Let's start with the pyramid.
On the bottom,
we have Paige.
Paige had an outstanding performance.
She was sixth overall high score.
SINGER: ♪You've got to know how ♪
-♪And you know how to deliver, yeah♪
-(cheers and applause)
ABBY: And then accidents happened.
She might be out a week
or maybe she'll be able to dance today.
Moving on.
Mackenzie.
Mackenzie, if you're in a competition
you're there to learn.
And next,
I have Chloe.
Chloe, you did a great job.
You didn't have a solo or a duet,
so it's a little difficult to judge.
But you did a great job
in the group dance.
And next,
Brooke.
Brooke, because of your maturity
during rehearsal all week
is why you're up there.
And second on the pyramid
is Nia.
Nia, you went out there
and you sold that number.
SINGER: ♪Work, work, work ♪
-♪I came to work♪
-(cheers and applause)
And at the top of the pyramid...
is Maddie.
Maddie, you're there
because you beat everybody else there.
You were the highest score
the judges gave out.
(applause)
SINGER: ♪If I could speak...♪
All right. Now, we're all
in the group dance
except Mackenzie.
Mackenzie, you have a solo.
Maddie, you will also be doing a solo.
Brooke, you have a solo this week.
(applause)
You will be doing The Diary of Anne Frank.
GIRL: Ooh.
BROOKE: I know who Anne Frank is,
but I'm just not sure
what her story has to do with dancing.
Chloe...
you have asked me for years
about a duet with you and Paige.
This is the week.
Chloe and Paige have been begging Abby
for years to do a duet.
I really hope
that Paige's injury isn't serious.
Moms, I'm going to dismiss you.
Go ahead and go.
You guys get the ballet bar out.
We're going to start with the bar.
(upbeat music playing)
ABBY: 5, 6, 7, plié,
and a 1 and 2--
I hope the Chloe's duet partner
shows up soon. (chuckles)
Like, how long have we waited
for the Chloe/Paige duet?
-How long?
-I know. It's, like, years.
Nine years.
4, stretch your feet, 5...
This week, I want to do
more ballet technique.
And hip, up.
In ballet, there's a right and wrong way.
And they're going to do it the right way.
SINGER: ♪ Alouette ♪
♪ Alouette ♪
ABBY: The name of the group routine
is Alouette.
It's high energy. It's fun.
And they are going to excel
for the ballet judge.
SINGER: ♪ Alouette, gentille alouette ♪
ABBY: Come on.
(woman gasps)
Oh, my God. There's Kelly,
and Paige is in a boot.
We just got back
from the orthopedic doctor.
It's broken.
(groans)
KELLY: Yup.
Four to six weeks, she can't dance.
No!
-Four to six weeks?
-KELLY: Yup.
PAIGE: Chloe's crying.
You know why Chloe's crying?
Because you got your duet this week.
Aw. Chloe is going to be crushed.
Oh, Paige.
PAIGE: I'm really sad
that I broke my foot.
But I'm even more sad
that I'm not going to be able
to do a duet with Chloe.
We've been waiting a long time
to dance together,
and now we have to wait even longer.
I don't want to fight with you, Kelly,
but I think it's important
that she learn, just the same.
I think she should be in here
with a notebook.
If she's part of the team
she should be here.
Paige is out for four to six weeks.
I have no idea how this is going
to help us for Nationals,
having one member of your team down.
But you know what?
The show must go on.
Aw.
HOLLY: Hey.
-My baby is broken.
-CHRISTI: Aw.
I cannot believe she broke her foot.
Abby said, "Oh, well that's a bummer.
Because you finally got your duet
with Chloe."
-Uh-huh.
-I think that upset her.
Here, 2, 3, 4--
I think Brooke's hip hurts.
Yeah. Brooke's back and hip
definitely are hurting.
I'm watching Brooke
during group rehearsals
and I see her holding her back.
And I could just tell by her face
that she's in pain.
Her solo this week is an acro number.
And if her back's bothering her,
I don't know how she's going to do it.
At Brooks age,
most people stop doing acro.
Your body just...
-CHRISTI: Doesn't bend that way.
-...doesn't go.
CHRISTI: What do you think
Abby's body tells her?
-Stop eating?
-KELLY: Stop eating!
Kendall and I were not invited
to the pyramid
because Abby still refuses
to put Kendall on the team.
We're here strictly to take dance classes.
I just need to be patient
and wait for an opportunity
to present itself.
-Hi, Paige.
-Hi, Paigey.
-What happened to your foot?
-JILL: How are you?
What happened?
PAIGE: It's broke.
JILL: How long are you out for?
PAIGE: Four to six weeks.
Four to six weeks?
Aw, I'm sorry, honey.
Right at summertime. You go in.
Kendall, what do you say to Paige?
KENDALL: Good luck. (chuckles)
I really feel bad that Paige is injured.
But maybe I could fill in for her
and maybe Abby could just
let me be on the team.
So you weren't in here for pyramid?
No. I was at the doctor's.
You don't know what--who's on top, what--
-what's going down this week?
-PAIGE: Uh-uh.
Me and Chloe were supposed
to have our duet.
So Abby told you, you had a duet this week
and now you can't dance it?
Aw. Did she tell you
who's going to be in it, instead?
She said that Chloe might be doing a solo.
Aw. That's all right.
There'll be other duets in your future.
It happens all the time
on dance teams,
unfortunate for Paige,
fortunate for Kendall.
KELLY: Hi, Paigey Mac!
HOLLY: Hello!
MELISSA: Hi, pumpkin.
-Did you learn anything in there?
-PAIGE: Uh-uh.
-HOLLY: You taking notes?
-What did you write in your book?
Nothing.
Jill's here.
KELLY: Oh what was she doing?
Asking questions about this weekend.
KELLY: Why are she asking
what happened at pyramid?
Like, Jill, you're not part of the group.
Get it through your head.
You're not part of our group.
It doesn't matter
what happened at pyramid.
(upbeat music playing)
Abby...
so Paige broke her foot?
Well, she didn't break her foot.
She broke her toe up into her foot.
I wish I could hear what was going on.
I know.
So what now with Paige out?
She told me she's out
for four to six weeks.
That has nothing to do with you.
Well, I understand not me, personally,
and that's very unfortunate.
But maybe now is there a spot for Kendall?
Oh, my God. She's like--
she can sniff out an opening.
She must have smelled Paige's
broken foot from a mile away.
She's like... (sniffs)
...there's a spot on the pyramid
for Kendall!
I'm the last person to ever
take Abby's side in anything.
But in the case of Jill versus Abby,
Abby wins.
Jill, you have to understand
that when you left
you didn't just disappear.
You went to this arch rival enemy.
Abby, we've been over this.
-I know.
-And it's very hurtful
and also just a slap in the face.
I was very hurt
by the way you treated Kendall.
-You can't be--
-You didn't let me do my job.
I want Kendall in the group.
I want Kendall in a duet.
Really, lady?
Did you not learn anything
the first time around?
You need to realize your place.
And you don't walk into a rehearsal.
You don't walk into pyramid.
You don't throw your kid at people.
I need to do what's best for Kendall.
I need to do what's best for the group.
-Don't you think Kendall deserves...
-You have to understand that.
-...to be in that group?
-Kendall deserves nothing.
-It's not like you're all entitled.
-JILL: Abby, do you want her to dance...
-ABBY: I want her to take class.
-JILL: ...dance here or not?
-ABBY: I want her to study.
-She's in class.
-ABBY: I want her to get better.
-She was in class last night, Abby.
ABBY: Uh-huh.
Let me tell you
who wasn't in class last night.
-Tell me.
-No Hyland kids.
No Chloe.
They don't come to class.
Kendall will come to class.
These moms who give me a hard time
for doing what's best for Kendall--
I know deep down inside
they would do the exact same thing.
I can't live with myself
that I took her away from here
and took that opportunity away from her.
So I really need you
and want you to give her another chance.
I'm sure she sees it
as a golden opportunity.
KELLY: I went downstairs
because I heard Jill talking to Abby
at the front desk.
And I just wanted to let Jill know
Paige is not out of the group.
She's injured and will be back.
So if she's trying to get Kendall
to replace Paige,
it's not happening.
Why did you ask Paige
who was replacing her in the duet?
I didn't.
KELLY: Why would go to Paige
and not the moms
about what's going on this weekend
before you put your claws in to get--
I didn't know Paige was in there.
-I didn't go scouting out Paige.
-But you didn't--
I went in. She was sitting there
-with a broken foot.
-But you didn't come up to Paige...
I said, "Honey, how are you?
-What happened?"
-...and say, so what's going this weekend?
JILL: I really didn't do anything
inappropriate.
(upbeat music playing)
ABBY: Hey, guys.
Maddie has to fly out tomorrow
morning to do Drop Dead Diva.
The group comes first.
Absolutely. I agree with you.
ABBY: A couple of weeks ago,
Maddie auditioned for a role
on Drop Dead Diva.
She got the part,
and I'm thrilled for her.
But we have a competition this weekend.
Missing a day of rehearsals is huge.
I don't want you to get out on stage
this weekend in competition,
and look like the yahoo
who doesn't know what they're doing.
This TV thing is a special event.
But I wish you were going to be here
tomorrow for rehearsal.
And that group dance better be perfect.
When Maddie comes back,
she's going to have to play catch up.
She better not come back
as some Hollywood diva.
(upbeat music playing)
And look,
hide it,
throw it.
It's all about the journal
and the diary of Anne Frank.
Brooke is doing a solo this week.
It's about the Holocaust.
I mean, this is serious for Brooke.
I don't know if she has what it takes
to perform this number or not.
(somber music playing)
Does anybody know anything
about this Diary of Anne Frank?
Because I have no clue of the story.
I can't believe that Kelly
doesn't know who Anne Frank is.
I mean, that's a standard part
of curriculum in middle school.
You didn't have to read
the Diary of Anne Frank?
-No.
-ABBY: Cartwheel.
Easy. Easy.
KELLY: I don't really know much
about Anne Frank.
But what I do know
is that I don't think
she was doing cartwheels.
There's a lot that goes into this piece.
And I'm watching Brooke,
and she is just grimacing.
Is she telling the story
or is she in pain?
KELLY: I don't think Brooke should dance.
I took Brooke to a chiropractor
and he thinks that Brooke needs to rest.
And I totally agree.
Why can't brook do a dance
with no acrobatics in her dance?
ABBY: You only have three days, kiddo,
before you are onstage doing this number.
You're dismissed for right now.
Go ahead and rest that,
and then I want you back in here
to finish it up.
Can you start down here?
MACKENZIE: I'm rehearsing my solo today
and it's a really fun dance.
And it's called You Know You Love It.
I know I love it.
(upbeat music playing)
SINGER: ♪You know you love it♪
ABBY: Faster, go.
♪You know you love it♪
-And push away. Shoo!
-SINGER: ♪You know you need it♪
ABBY: Go, push!
I think Mackenzie's dance is darling.
The difficulty level is right up there.
Knee, ball change.
Chainé, side aerial, two times.
I think she's really improving
as a dancer,
as a performer and as an acrobat.
You need to get this choreography
in your head.
Go into the other room
and start working on it.
No tumbling!
Hi, guys.
CHRISTI: Oh, God.
Here comes Jill.
She and Kendall aren't even on the team.
But we know Jill well enough to know
that the absence of an invitation
isn't going to stop her from showing up.
-Hi, Kendall!
-Hey!
ABBY: So, Kendall,
I'm looking for a replacement
for the duet for Paige.
Abby's having auditions for the duet,
which I think is absolutely ridiculous
considering Kendall's not on the team.
CHRISTI: Kendall?
Oh, for the love of God.
Maddie is not auditioning
because she has solo this week.
Let's have Chloe and Nia do it.
(dramatic music playing)
ABBY: Nia...
some things are great.
I just think that you don't look
that great with her.
Like, it's a little off.
It's a little quirky.
You don't dance exactly the same.
You dance very much different.
-All right, let me see you and Kendall.
-Okay.
ABBY: And, one...
CHRISTI: I'm a little unclear.
Did Abby call you...
-JILL: No.
-...and say to come back?
No. She told me get--
get the kid in class.
So she's here, in class.
Do you think I went to Abby
and said put her in the duet?
If Abby does, it's because Abby
wanted her in there.
Why couldn't you say,
"Wow, what a nice thing for Kendall
if she's selected?"
I don't think it's fair for her
-to be put in the duet. I don't.
-Because, Jill--again--
You guys are so selfish.
-I can't believe they're selfish.
-WOMEN: No.
-No. That's not being selfish.
-No. I think it's selfish for you
-to think she should be allowed.
-Really? I never said--
-That's selfish for you.
-I thought she should be allowed.
CHRISTI: You're saying, you know,
we should be pleased and happy for her.
But it's at the expense
of one of our children
who have sacrificed so much to be here.
-It's just another week.
-CHRISTI: They're already on the team.
-It's just another number.
-You're not part of our team.
I take all their snide remarks
and all their bullying
and all their criticism.
But, you know what?
This is about a mother
doing what's best for her daughter.
-Nia looks cute doing this dance.
-You need to say something
-if it's Kendall.
-Like, she looks perfectly fine.
-And Holly--
-KELLY: Holly, you are marching
your butt down there,
if I have to push you down them steps.
My daughter has been there
day in and day out.
I think a lot of Abby's practices
are unfair.
What's going on with the duet, Abby?
Kendall was in class in the other room.
I went and got her.
Nia was doing it.
She was doing it well.
I gave her some corrections.
Kendall has been gone several weeks.
-ABBY: Right.
-HOLLY: She just came back.
My child has been here throughout.
ABBY: She may not be right for the duet.
-You know--
-She's never right for those special parts
unless she's lifting Mackenzie.
ABBY: Holly just doesn't understand.
This is strictly
about my best chance at winning.
There are lots of things
that she could do.
Right. But they're not the duet music
-that I have this week.
-Well, why don't you find something?
-I agree with you.
-She could do something with the '60s.
She could do something
with popping, locking.
She could do all sorts of
different things.
ABBY: I agree with you.
But, you know what?
It's a duet with Chloe.
That wasn't the plan.
I wasn't seeking music for Nia.
I was seeking music for Chloe.
No need to get all belligerent
and indignant with me.
I am, because I think you know better.
No. I think you look foolish.
This is strictly about
what's right for the duet,
not about you want.
Nia will get the duet
only if I think
she's my best shot at winning.
(upbeat music playing)
Let's ballotté!
Changement!
Sissonne!
This week has been tough.
Paige is out with a foot injury.
Brooding Brooke is whining
about the back pain.
And Maddie is away
doing a role for Drop Dead Diva.
This group number is a mess,
and it needs all the help we can get.
So I'm putting Kendall
in the group number.
She's still not a member of this team,
and I'm not sure
about the duet with Chloe yet.
But at least if I put her
in the group number,
maybe Jill will get off my back.
Up, step,
leap onto it.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8!
I think that with Abby knowing
Brooke's back is injured,
she would have made
the executive decision to say,
"You know what?
Brooke's going to do a dance this week
with no acro in it to let her back rest."
Let someone else do a solo.
Give her back a break.
Oh, Jill...
-are you volunteering?
-KELLY: Oh, for the love of God!
JILL: I'm just saying,
would that not make sense?
Give the kid a break
There's other kids not dancing solos.
You know, I think it's kind of funny
that wherever you go,
someone mysteriously, like, breaks a foot.
These moms can laugh at me
and make all the snippy comments
that they want.
But I'm not going to let them stop me
on getting Kendall back on this team.
ABBY: All right, ladies, we have two days.
I don't know.
Does this dance have what it takes?
I don't think so.
You have to get into it.
You need to be fabulous.
Let's go.
Two days!
They're still late.
They're still sloppy.
Their shoulders are still up.
Their elbows are dropping.
I mean, girls, come on.
So where is Maddie?
KELLY: Well, Maddie is doing
that Drop Dead Diva thing.
This is a professional job.
Does she get paid for it?
I think when Melissa comes back
she'll be very hush-hush about it.
-But she'll want us to ask.
-CHRISTI: Right.
But I don't think she'll want to reveal
-too, too much.
-JILL: Hmm.
(upbeat music playing)
MELISSA: Maddie and I are getting ready
to film Drop Dead Diva.
We're on the way
to the sound stage right now,
and we're so excited.
I just know she's going to nail
her acting performance,
just like she does in dancing.
MAN: On your mark.
I'm really excited
to be shooting my scenes
for Drop Dead Diva.
They had me do a lot
of takes over and over,
and I actually like that
because I like to do everything perfect.
I can't do it!
And it was really fun to see Maddie
get into her character.
I'm really happy for her,
but it's too bad that the other girls
and moms
can't be here, as well.
(upbeat music playing)
ABBY: Arms!
I need to make a decision
on who's doing this duet with Chloe.
I have Brooke,
who's in pain with her back.
Nia works hard,
but she doesn't really fit in with Chloe.
So, by process of elimination,
it's got to be Kendall.
Kendall, you're in the duet.
(soft piano music playing)
KENDALL: I'm really excited
to do a duet with Chloe.
And I'm really happy
because this is my comeback.
And maybe Abby can see that
I really can be on the team.
I don't think it's good enough.
It's not going to win.
You have two days to pull it together.
Two days.
-Go.
-Okay. Thank you.
ABBY: I don't want to deal with Jill.
I don't want 50 million questions.
Drop your kid off,
let her learn this duet.
That's it. That's all I want.
-Hi, Mom.
-JILL: Hi, love.
How are you, baby?
What's going on?
Abby said that I was definitely
in the duo.
-Wait. She did?
-Yeah.
JILL: That's great!
-Aren't you excited?
-KENDALL: Yeah.
I'm so excited!
So the moms were annoyed.
But, guess what?
I don't care.
This is a good opportunity for Kendall
to bring her out of her shell
and get her back on her road to success.
(upbeat music playing)
ABBY: Hello.
-How was it?
-It's great.
Tell me about it.
I did two scenes
and I did a solo
on this fake stage.
And then I did a dance scene
at the studio.
How was your dancing?
Did anybody say anything?
Were they impressed?
MELISSA: After she was all finished,
they stood up and clapped for her.
-And it was--
-Oh...
a standing ovation.
What did you learn?
I need to learn how to use my emotion
when I act more.
So when you're saying the lines
you need to emote,
just like you do when you're dancing.
Yes?
I had a lot of fun on the TV show,
but now I have to get ready
for competition.
So you worked on this number
while you were doing Drop Dead Diva?
You did it?
MELISSA: Maddie's kind of
like a little machine.
When she wasn't rehearsing
for Drop Dead Diva,
she was in the hallway running
her solo and also the group dance.
JILL: I'm glad you're back.
It was definitely fun
and a really great experience.
But it's good for our kids
to know there is life
after Abby Lee Miller
-and outside of here.
-HOLLY: Exactly.
(soft dramatic music playing)
SINGER: ♪I just had another dream♪
ABBY: This routine is called
This is Me, Over You.
This music is definitely
a subtle note to Maddie.
She is the one with the power.
Use it, kid.
One, push. Two, push, Three, push.
Four, push. Sweep, sweep. Shoo!
MADDIE: I have a solo and a group number.
I also missed a day of rehearsal.
I need to work extra hard today.
ABBY: Smile! Change your face.
She looked like she forgot a little part.
ABBY: Shoulders, relax.
Don't sit down. Don't sit down!
I'm rehearsing Maddie's solo,
and I can tell...
she's just not there yet.
That one day of missing rehearsal
has really set her back.
She needs to be ready
for competition tomorrow.
(upbeat music playing)
ABBY: We're at Starbound
in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Now, it might not be far,
but you're going to pick up dancers
from New York and New Jersey, as well.
So it should be a pretty tough
competition.
Oh, there it is! ALDC!
Here we go.
(upbeat music playing)
ABBY: Brooke, you're doing better?
How's it feel?
KELLY: She said it's numb
from the ice being on it.
Can you change her...
front aerial?
Just do a side aerial.
You're the mommy-ographer.
You know it all.
Come on, girls. Let's go.
(upbeat music playing)
(dramatic music playing)
ABBY: Brooke's back is in pain.
Paige is out with the foot.
Kendall hasn't danced
with these kids in months.
Nia doesn't know what foot she's on.
And Maddie left rehearsal for a day.
This routine could come
crashing down at any moment.
ANNOUNCER: All right. Up next,
in the Small Group Musical Theater
category,
Alouette,
-number 590.
-(cheers and applause)
SINGER: ♪ Alouette ♪
♪ Alouette ♪
SINGERS: ♪ Alouette ♪
♪ Alouette, gentille alouette ♪
♪ Alouette, gentille plumerai ♪
ABBY: I'm seeing a lot of mistakes,
and their ballet steps are definitely
not up to par.
SINGERS: ♪ Alouette, gentille alouette ♪
♪ Alouette, je te plumerai ♪
I think Kendall is great in the group.
I think she adds
a lot of sparkle and shine.
She fits in beautifully.
SINGERS: ♪ Alouette, je te plumerai ♪
♪ Alouette, gentille alouette ♪
♪ Alouette, je te plumerai ♪
♪ Jet te plumerai le bec ♪
♪ Et le bec! Et le bec! ♪
♪ Et le tete! Et le tet! ♪
♪ Alouette ♪
(cheering and applause)
I am actually impressed by this.
I think the group dance
might be able to pull out a win.
(applause)
Woo!
Good job, guys!
Can I see the part I messed up?
How do you feel, peanut?
I'm glad that you tried,
but Abby will probably yell at you
because you were a step behind.
ABBY: Wasn't exactly that je ne sais quoi
that I was hoping for, now, was it
more like comme ci comme ca.
I think the group number was okay.
Is it good enough to win
the overall high score?
I don't know.
But we're going to need
that first place trophy
if we want to get to nationals.
-(upbeat music playing)
-(applause)
ANNOUNCER: All right, folks,
we're going to find out more
top Junior Petite Group is.
Third place, with a 287,
it goes to Ain't Nothing Wrong With That,
-The School of Music and Dance.
-(applause)
Second place,
with a 288,
Chattanooga Choo Choo
from McHenry Dance Centre!
(applause)
It is now time to announce
our top overall Junior Group winner.
Give it up for Alouette
from Abby Lee Dance Company!
(cheers and applause)
ANNOUNCER: Your top Junior Group.
Yay!
I love the fact that these girls
won this group dance.
Because Abby kept saying
you can't hide behind costumes
and a theme and this.
It's all about your technique.
Well, guess what?
Their technique was amazing
and those girls won on their own merit.
(cheering)
Oh, doesn't it feel good to win?
Congratulations, ladies.
I saw a lot of mistakes.
How did you pull that out?
I can't believe the girls won
with Alouette.
But, hey, we'll take it.
We started the day off
with the first overall,
and I want to finish
the day with a clean sweep.
Mackenzie and Brooke are up first.
You know all the changes?
You confident?
Okay. Brooke, how's the back?
It still hurts.
ABBY: I'm watching Brooke,
watching the body language,
watching the moping.
She's hurt, she's sore,
and she doesn't want to dance.
You need to use the pain.
Yes?
(upbeat music playing)
ABBY: Chin stand, just mark it.
Okay, down. Head, up. Down.
I think if Mackenzie can do
the entire routine
from beginning to end
and use her face,
this could be a winner.
You ready, babe?
-Well...
-KELLY: Look at her.
Brooke, you got to get up.
KELLY: I'm watching Brooke
laying on the floor,
and it's just going through my head,
you know,
should I have her dance?
Shouldn't I have her dance?
I mean, your back is not something
to mess with.
(tense music playing)
My dance has a lot of hard moves and acro.
And I'm really nervous.
ANNOUNCER: Number 592,
U Know U Love It.
(cheering and applause)
(upbeat music playing)
SINGER: ♪You know you love it♪
♪Mm-hmm♪
♪You know you love it ♪
♪You know you need it ♪
♪Everything you're looking for♪
-♪First impression ♪
-SINGERS: ♪Hey!♪
SINGER: ♪A little bit
makes you want more♪
SINGERS: ♪A new obsession♪
SINGER: ♪You know you need it ♪
♪You know you love it ♪
♪You know you love it♪
♪One more time ♪
ABBY: She was on fire.
You got to love it.
SINGER: ♪You got to have it♪
♪It's the one thing you desire♪
♪You know you love it♪
♪First time you see it
You got to have it♪
♪Can't resist, don't even try♪
(cheers and applause)
MELISSA: She was sassy.
Her faces were cute.
Her legs were straight.
Her toes were pointed.
She hit every move.
-KELLY: Good job!
-CHRISTI: Good job!
MELISSA: Oh, my God.
Mackenzie, you were great!
I'm really happy with my solo.
I thought I danced well.
I think that was the best I ever saw you!
(suspenseful music playing)
KELLY: All right, Brooke,
you need--you need to, like,
-lay down on the floor.
-CHRISTI: Fabulous.
What is that for?
For Brooke's back.
I just looked at Brooked laying there,
and I thought, you know,
I have one kid with a broken foot,
another kid laying here
crying because it hurts to breathe.
I just had to draw the line there.
I knew what I had to do, as a mom.
Abby, I don't think Brooke's
going to do her solo.
It hurts when she breathes.
I don't know how she's going to do it.
I got her ice.
I put this on.
I--I don't know what else I can do.
I can't let her to herself to do a dance.
(sobs) It's obviously hurting her
that she can't do it.
I want her to do it.
She wants to do it,
but I don't think she can.
I wish Kelly would have
pulled solo earlier,
because then maybe Kendall
would be dancing a solo today, as well.
Brooke, you don't--it didn't
have anything to do
with all those other girls
there warming up?
Abby, it was hurting
before we even came to this building.
ABBY: I think Kelly and Brooke
have it all cooked up.
They're going to pull this number
because she knows
that there are really great dancers here.
She does not want to get on that stage
and not win.
Brooke, if you are going to continue
to stand like a three-year-old
with that sway back,
your back is going to hurt!
You and I both know
that lazy gets you nowhere!
I gave you an amazing number!
And now you're not going to do it?
No one's ever going to see it?
She can't do it.
ABBY: I told you guys before,
you make choices every single day.
Make the right one.
I can't let her hurt herself
to do a dance.
I'm sorry.
Her health is more important.
MELISSA: I think it's a really hard call,
as a mom,
to pull your daughter's dance.
But in this situation,
I think Kelly is definitely
doing the right thing by telling Abby
she can't dance.
(upbeat music playing)
MADDIE: I'm nervous about my solo.
I missed a whole day of rehearsal.
I need to dance well.
I don't want to let Miss Abby down.
ANNOUNCER: Up next, Contemporary,
ages nine and ten. Number 591,
This is Me, Over You.
(cheering and applause)
(soft dramatic music playing)
SINGER: ♪I just had another dream♪
♪Where everything
was as it should be... ♪
-♪Baby... ♪
-(cheers and applause)
MELISSA: She was beautiful.
She hit everything,
and I loved this dance.
SINGER: ♪This time we're really through♪
♪No more lying♪
♪No more trying♪
♪To fix what was never true...♪
♪This is me, over you♪
♪This is me, over you...♪
(cheers and applause)
ABBY: When it's all said and done,
this proves the
Maddie is truly a professional.
She left town, flew on a plane,
did a TV show doing a different routine,
came back and nailed it.
(upbeat music playing)
ANNOUNCER: Number 594,
Chasing Answers.
(cheers and applause)
ABBY: Chloe and Kendall's duet is up next.
This is an important number for Kendall.
She came crawling back to me,
and she better prove it to me
that she can dance with my students.
SINGER: ♪Hello, said the daisy♪
♪Welcome to a world called crazy ♪
♪Tell me, have you been here lately?♪
(dramatic music playing)
JILL: I really need Kendall
to nail this duet.
This is her big chance to show Abby
that she deserves to be back on this team.
SINGER: ♪Don't you... ♪
♪Don't you... ♪
♪Oh, oh, oh♪
♪You do ♪
♪You do it, oh, oh, oh...♪
I think the duet is fabulous.
It's different.
It's not something
our girls do every week.
And I think it's really a good number.
SINGER: ♪You do it, ohhh... ♪
♪Don't you?♪
♪Ohhh...♪
♪Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh ♪
♪You do ♪
♪You do it ♪
(cheers and applause)
ABBY: Was the duet good? Yes.
Were they a good pair?
Yes.
Did they drive the intensity home
at the end?
No.
(tense music playing)
ANNOUNCER: Now, it's time
to announce our top five
Junior Petite Soloists.
I'm not sure if the ALDC
will get a clean sweep like Abby wants.
But, you know, we'll see what happens.
We'll keep our fingers crossed.
ANNOUNCER: Third place, with a 286,
Sara from Just Go Dance Center.
Moving on to second place...
the score...
290.
You Know You Love It.
It's Mackenzie
from Abby Lee Dance Company.
(applause)
ABBY: I think she's the clear cut winner.
There's lots of other little girls
that would have loved
to have been second,
but it's the first one to lose.
Mackenzie, congratulations.
What studio are you from?
Abby Lee Dance Company.
ANNOUNCER: Take a bow for your audience.
(applause)
I know Mackenzie wished
she would have came in first,
but I think she did great.
All right. Here we go, folks,
the Junior Soloists.
Third place, the score...
288.
It's going to 455,
Lily from Dance Kids.
(cheers and applause)
ANNOUNCER: All right, folks,
our top overall
Junior Soloist...
This is Me, Over You.
-Maddie, from Abby Lee Dance Company.
-(cheering and applause)
I got an award for you. Hold on.
Line up with the top 10, giant bow.
(cheering and applause)
ANNOUNCER: Thank you very much,
ladies and gentlemen.
ABBY: Maddie is the winner, hands down.
She was amazing.
(cheers and applause)
ANNOUNCER: In third place, with a 283,
give it up for On a Wire,
-Skylar Nicole from Motion in Dance.
-(applause)
Second place,
286 was the score.
Ice Cream!
-It's Jessica and Reagan, Jaded!
-(applause)
ANNOUNCER:
Your top overall Junior Duet/Trio...
Chasing Answers!
It's Chloe and Kendall
from Abby Lee Dance Company!
(cheers and applause)
This is great for me
to let Abby know,
you can count on this kid
to do the choreography you're giving her,
and she can win on stage.
(cheers and applause)
(cheering)
Girls, congratulations!
Congratulations, ladies!
Thank you!
Good job, Maddie!
Girl!
I watched you step into those turns.
I was like--
right there, you nailed those. Huh?
Talk about Drop Dead Diva.
You are the diva.
Yes!
Good job.
Listen. I blocked out
the whole Drop Dead Diva routine
because I wanted you to concentrate
on this number
and on the group number.
But now that the group won
and your solo is finished,
I want to see what they had you do.
So can you show it to me?
I'm sure everybody else
wants to see it, too.
Yes?
CHRISTI: I mean, really, Abby?
These girls have just danced
their heart out.
And the only thing
you care about is Maddie
running her Drop Dead Diva dance
in front of everyone?
You're just kind of rubbing this
in everybody's face.
I'm not rubbing it in everybody's face.
Your name and your reputation--
what you want them to set
their best foot forward.
This is just another example
of Abby's blatant disregard
for anyone who is not Maddie.
KELLY: So I think that next time
that we have the opportunity
to do an audition,
that everybody should get the opportunity.
(indistinct chatter)
ABBY: Where's she going?
-HOLLY: I don't know where she's going.
-ABBY: Maddie!
Because of the vultures in this room...
-No, Abby.
-ABBY: ...that poor kid
-has to go like this.
-No, Abby.
-Nope.
-And, you know what?
-She doesn't have to, Abby. She does.
-You know who creates the vultures?
-It's you.
-HOLLY: No.
CHRISTI: Because you try to turn
all of these kids
against their friend,
and that little girl's mortified
all the time,
which you don't care.
How about being a role model?
I have heard you say to her,
to that little nine-year-old girl,
no one would be happy for you.
Everyone's jealous of you.
-Why do you do that?
-You are!
-Look at you!
-CHRISTI: No, we're not!
No, we're not.
-ABBY: Years ago--
-You have sabotaged
my daughter and the rest of the kids!
Your daughter is a little sneak!
-HOLLY: Go out. Girls, go out. Go out.
-How dare you call my daughter a sneak?
-Sneak! Sneak! Sneak!
-CHRISTI: She's not a sneak!
You're a sneak and a snake!
You do these things to these kids!
-She is talented!
-CHRISTI: Yes, she is!
-Nobody's denying it!
-And she should relish it!
Because in five years,
-she might not be talented anymore!
-CHRISTI: Why did you try
-to pit her against her friends?
-Look at Brooke!
Don't say my daughter
isn't talented anymore.
ABBY: That's not what I just said.
-You just said, in five years...
-ABBY: No.
...she might not be talented anymore.
Look at Brooke!
-CHRISTI: She is very talented!
-She may be hurt!
-She may never dance again!
-CHRISTI: Everybody is talented!
Everyone in this room is talented.
-And if you really--
-You're not!
Oh, please.
I have more talent in my pinky than you.
Why? Because you're a whore
selling t-shirts in the bar?
Oh, Abby, whore!
Whore! Whore! Whore!
Or, as Kelly would say,
maybe you're a virgin
because no one would (bleep) you.
I've had it with these moms.
They're rude and they're nasty,
and they're jealous
of a little nine-year-old girl
who got a part on a television show.
Au revoir.